used to have about 10 people full-time.
Now you have 1.2 humans, 20 agents.
>> We have 10 desks that used to be go to
market people. They're all just labeled
with our agents. Reply for replet, quali
for qualified, arty for artisan, agent
force needs a nickname. Agents work all
night and they work weekends and they
work on Christmas. We're done with
hiring humans in sales. We're done.
>> The business is doing very similarly to
what it was when you had 10 humans. If I
had two more great humans that wanted to
join, don't get me wrong, I would hire
them tomorrow. But I'm not going to hire
someone that after their third month in
the job doesn't know what Saster does, I
just can't do that. AI is replacing the
jobs people don't want to do today, and
it is displacing the midpack and the
mediocre.
>> How do you see the future of the sales
profession?
>> We should have $250,000 a year SDRs, but
they'd be like at Versel, they'd be
managing 10 agents, not 10 people. The
classic SDR junior kid that is hired out
of college to send emails, we don't need
them. folks that qualify leads coming
in, the contact me that we see, we have
no need for them today. They should be
extinct next year.
>> Someone's listening to this like, "Oh
man, my job is in trouble."
>> If you can go do this, you're hyper
employable.
Today, my guest is Jason Lmin, founder
and CEO of Saster, the world's largest
community for B2B founders and one of my
absolute favorite sales and go to market
minds on the planet. Jason is not only
deeply knowledgeable about everything
sales, he's also extremely articulate
and direct and is also now personally
going super deep on what AI can do for a
sales or he's transformed his own saster
sales team from around 10 SDRs and AEES
to one full-time AE, a part-time chief
of AI named Amelia, and 20 AI agents. He
is seeing the same performance from his
AI team as he saw with his former human
team and he's just getting started.
These are my favorite kinds of
conversations because the guest is
living in the future and comes here to
show us what the future is like, where
we're headed and how we can get there
ourselves and also just how to avoid all
the pitfalls that he had to deal with
along the way. We cover all of the
things that he has learned about where
sales and go to market is going in the
AI age. He gives a bunch of advice for
salespeople and the future of their
careers. the future of the goto market
org, how to win as an AI startup right
now, what tools he's finding most
useful, what it took to shift a sales
team, and so much more. This episode is
going to get your mind spinning in the
best way possible. If you enjoy this
podcast, don't forget to subscribe and
follow it in your favorite podcasting
app or YouTube. It helps tremendously.
And if you become an annual subscriber
of my newsletter, you get 19 premium
products for free for an entire year,
including a year free of lovable,
replet, bolt, naden, gamma, linear,
devon, post talk, superhuman, dcript,
whisper flow, perplexity, warp, granola,
magic patterns, raycast, chapard d
mobin, and stripe atlas. Head on over to
lenny'snewsletter.com and click product
pass. With that, I bring you Jason Lenin
after a short word from our sponsors.
Today's episode is brought to you by DX,
the developer intelligence platform
designed by leading researchers. To
thrive in the AI era, organizations need
to adapt quickly. But many organization
leaders struggle to answer pressing
questions like which tools are working?
How are they being used? What's actually
driving value? DX provides the data and
insights that leaders need to navigate
this shift. With DX, companies like
Dropbox, Booking.com, Adion, and
Intercom get a deep understanding of how
AI is providing value to their
developers and what impact AI is having
on engineering productivity. To learn
more, visit DX's website at
getdx.com/lenny.
That's getdx.com/lenny.
This episode is brought to you by Vzero
from Versell. Vzero is the web
development assistant designed for
professionals of all technical
backgrounds. Whether you're a product
manager, designer, or developer,
transform how you bring products to
life. With VZero, everybody can cook.
Don't just show up to reviews with docs
and ideas. Arrive with working
prototypes that demonstrate real
functionality. Vzero drafts project
plans, generates interactive interfaces,
and builds full stack applications
without writing a single line of code.
And with features like AI and database
integrations, screenshot import and sync
with GitHub, Vzero helps reduce
development bottlenecks and enhance
collaboration between technical and
non-technical team members. The result,
faster iteration and a shorter path from
idea to implementation. Verscell built
V0 for the builders who want to create
at the moment of inspiration. If you can
dream it, you can ship it. Visit
verscell.com/lenny
to get started. That's versel.com/lenny.
Jason, thank you so much for being here
and welcome back to the podcast.
>> Lucky to be a super fan and then to get
to join, right? It's it's it's terrific
to to to be on the other side.
>> So, this is our second conversation. Uh
we did our last conversation a year and
a half ago. I don't know if you know
this, but it became a pretty legendary
episode. It's something people continue
to share. And uh that conversation is
around basically a deep dive into
building your sales or
>> and a lot has changed
>> yes
>> for you and the world since then uh
cough AI
>> and what uh what's happened is you've
gone extremely deep on what AI enables
for sales for startups for go to market
and what I love about conversations like
this is you're basically living in the
future and you're here to give us a
glimpse of where things are heading and
tell us how avoid the wrong turns and
just help us get there ourselves.
>> That I think I can do
>> to start. Yes. Help us understand just
the business you run this uh SAS.
>> Uh what is it you sell? What is the
business? What is it? What is it you do?
Jason,
>> you know, I'm still trying to figure it
out, Lenny. Maybe you are too in some
ways. Um
>> yeah, that's true. So, you know, I I I
am a two-time founder who started
writing a blog, my god, in 2012 about
all the mistakes I made after I sold my
startup to Adobe.
We started doing a couple meetups.
You've done meetups. Um, before anyone
did this stuff, we did a big meetup in
2015. Thousands of people came. Then we
do 10,000 people a year at Saster
Annual. I've actually also invested
almost $200 million almost 10x lifetime
um only into founders from the
community. Um but the reason I don't
know is what I folks that do are
connected to our content. I'm just
passionate about helping other founders
see mistakes and make less of them. So
anyhow, we're we're a large community. I
do invest but but it turned into a
business. There was no revenue in the
beginning. I'm sure there was no revenue
for for Lenny in the beginning and ours
was less intentional, but we do do eight
figures of revenue a year and it's work.
It's it's that sounds great, okay, to do
eight figures, but there's a lot of
costs, especially on the event side. The
media side has almost no costs and it's
work. We have a hundred sponsors and as
you know, like you have sponsors, but
there's a certain level where it becomes
a lot of work. Like getting two folks to
sponsor your podcast with a couple
emails, no work, right? Uh if you wanted
to have like four Lenny podcast, like it
just it just scales. So we have built
our own go to market team over time and
I've lived the frustrations folks have
followed it and then maybe I'm rambling
a little bit the interesting thing the
aha moment that happened to us is going
into May of this year we had one AI
agent in production called Deli that we
both use for digital lending and digital
Jason really interesting learnings and
we went into our 10,000 person event
this year with with an eight you know a
seven figure budget and eight figure
topline and two folks on the sales team
who are were paid high end of market I
have many flaws, but paying well and
being loyal are not one of them. And two
of them just quit at the event. They
just quit on site. Okay. And I this is
like the third time I've done this, like
the eighth team I've built. And and I
turned to Amelia, our chief a officer,
and I said, "We're done with hiring
humans in sales. We're done. We are
going to push the limits with agents.
We're going to p even if it doesn't
quite work." Okay? And I knew from this
deli, this general agent, that it would
sort of work because going into annual,
this general agent, this digital Jason
closed a 70k sponsorship on its own. So
when I saw that a horizontal agent, not
trained for sales, not trained for GTM,
could close one deal, like let's deploy
a couple of these apps. We have time and
I just can't pay a junior SDR $150,000 a
year to quit. I just can't like
criticize me, but I just couldn't do it
one more time. I just couldn't do it one
more. And I actually think this is an
when I talk to CEOs at leading AI
companies, they kind of don't want to do
it either. They want to have the
smallest sales teams they can as much
for cultural reasons, right? Even if
even if Replet only goes from zero to
200, it could have been 220 with a
smaller sales team. I think John's okay
with it, right? So, it's an enduring
thing. But anyhow, so we push the limits
and now if you walk into SAS's office,
it's kind of funny. We have 10 desks
that used to be go to market people.
They're all just labeled with our
agents. Reply for replet, quali for
qualified, arty for artisan. Agent Force
needs a nickname. Maybe we can make one
up with Salesforce. There's Amelia's
corner office at one end. I'm in the I'm
in the back of the office and it's just
agents. It's the quietest office. And
netnet Lenny, it's about here's the
metalarning for when we when we're
recording this. The pro the net
productivity is about the same. It's not
better. It's not worse. Um, but it's so
much more efficient and it scales
because software scales.
So, and uh we can talk about what we've
learned. I think it's important that it
takes time to train these agents. They
don't work out of the box. Um, but when
you dial them in, when you take your
best person or your best script and you
train an agent with your best person and
best script, that agent can start to
become a version of your best
salesperson, your best person. And
that's what we've learned and how to
perfect it. And I just think because and
criticize me, anybody, you or anyone
watching or listening, maybe it's not
cool. I didn't want to hire my 28th rep
that was going to quit that. But I just
couldn't do it one more time in the age
of AI. I'm like, it's time to go to the
bleeding edge
and just see what we can push the limits
here.
>> Okay. I I I love all the directions
we're already heading. Okay. So just to
help people totally understand what your
business is. Basically these people are
selling sponsors for your conference is
>> they're selling two things to because
it's just relevant to the deep dive.
They're selling sponsorships which
average about 70 to 80k
>> and then they're also selling tickets
which is the high volume for this is
like the the self-s serve version.
They're selling tickets that are
anywhere from a couple hundred bucks to
if you're a VC that comes the night
before could be two grand. Okay. No no
no gifts for VCs that decide the night
before. founders that decide early get
get it at about 10 20% of cost and and
and it's work to sell these tickets,
right? And so you can just post an email
like you do and you probably fill up
Lenny Summit, but if you want to max it
out, you got to do work. You got to do
drip campaigns. You got to reach out to
people. You have to reactivate folks
that came to Lenny Summit, you know,
three years ago, but you want them back
because they're good people. And that
just requires work. And as your base
scales, you know, you have how many
people subscribe to Lenny's newsletter
now? 1.2 two million or something.
>> 1.2 million roughly.
>> Okay. How many as how many of those is a
human willing to reach out to
>> approaching nuns?
>> 2,000. Yeah.
>> Imagine you hired a 21-year-old SDR
fresh out of junior college and said,
"Here's my list, 1.2 million people.
Start calling them.
>> I want him to come to Lenny Summit." But
anyhow, so we have this low-end version,
which is tickets, right? Which is four
or five million a year. And then we have
this higherend sales cycle. And they're
very different. And actually, they have
different agents. And then we have a
different agent to get people to come
back. Laps people. So we have lapsed
high-end and low-end agents. And they
have different workflows and we actually
use different vendors for now. For now
we use different vendors.
>> Okay. And so uh previously before this
future world, how many SDRs did you
have? How many salespeople in the
>> We would have two to three SDRs and up
to five AES.
>> Okay. So like eight, nine people
full-time working on Saster. Yes. to
bring in sponsors and to bring in
tickets.
>> Yes. Although yes, a lot of it is
inbound and renewals but not but yes to
manage that business to manage the sales
management and go to market. Let's call
it 8 to9 and go to market. Now we have
1.2
>> uh 1.2
>> humans
>> human 1.2 humans
>> 20 agents AI agents
>> 1 point what is a 0.2 human?
>> Amelia who's our chief a officer who who
runs everything. She spends 20% of her
time managing the agents, orchestrating
the agents.
>> Okay.
>> Which is something I think people don't
Let's get into that. They talk about,
but they don't actually understand what
that means.
>> Yeah. Okay. I definitely want to spend
time there. Uh Okay. So, you used to
have about 10 people full-time. Now you
have 1.2 humans and you said 20 agents.
>> 20 agents. Yeah.
>> Okay. And what you're describing is the
business is doing very similarly to what
it was when you had 10 humans. Now you
have 20 agents. The business doing the
same.
>> Yeah. Now listen, if I had two more
great humans that wanted to join, don't
get me wrong, and this is true of every
fast, I would hire them tomorrow, okay?
And and if you go if you go to Verscell,
if you go to Replet, if you go to
they're all going to tell you the same.
I was literally in London when we were
just at our abundant event. We with with
Maggie who's in the leadership of
OpenAI. She said they just can't hire
enough enterprise reps now. Okay. And
but what what it is replacing are the
midpack and below. The ones that don't
really understand what linear does. The
ones that don't really know what a pull
request is or exactly how replet works.
The AI can do better. Not than the best,
right? So I would love to have more
humans, but I'm not going to hire
someone that after their third month in
the job doesn't know what Saster does. I
just can't do that one more time. And
you don't need to. I don't think you
need to. So we're not doing This is the
thing. AI is replacing the jobs people
don't want to do today and it is
displacing the media the midpack and the
mediocre. They are their jobs are at
risk. They are at risk. The best humans
it is true that they will get
superpowers from AI but I'm not sure the
rest will. It's a it's a cautionary but
I would love to have more than one but
at the end of the day and 1.2 humans is
plus 20 AI agents is doing about what 10
human GTMs is.
>> Wow. Okay. I want to spend time on the
different agents you've built, but first
of all, just kind of zooming out, having
gone through this experience. How do you
see the world of go to market changing
next year in the coming years? All the
plays work. It's the playbooks that are
kind of broken in the age of AI. All the
plays work. Outbound still works.
Webinar still works. Podcasts still
work. Okay. Events still work. All this
stuff works. All this stuff works. Why
is 11 Labs out doing a road show, right?
It works. Why? Why do they go on Lenny's
podcast? It works. So, the plays all
work. It's just the playbooks are broken
because at at for folks that aren't in
the age of AI, growth has decelerated so
much that nothing seems to work. Okay,
it's working. It just works so much
worse than 2021, but the plays still
work. They just they don't have enough
ROI. There's not enough budget for old
school SAS from 2021. the ones that are
blowing up, right? The Verscels, the
Replets, the 11 Labs, they have so much
demand,
so much demand that, you know, that
they're still running the plays, but
they're they're doing them differently.
They're doing them from a hyper PLG
focus because there's so much demand and
they're often picking and choosing which
prospects to talk to to to contact. So,
like, for example, Bolt is probably a
distant number three behind Rep and
Lovable, right? But one of my old sales
guys runs sales there. And I talked to
him when they went from 0 to 50 million
in like six months. He's like, "We
honestly just have so many leads. We
just are half our job is picking which
ones to respond to,
right?" And he's like, and he also is
like, "We closed a seven figure deal we
stole from Lovable because no one called
them back at lovable." So your
traditional B2B SAS company, even ones
at billions of revenue, even the
HubSpots and the and and and uh all of
them, they don't have so many great
leads, they don't call them back. So
that is a different world um not easy
different world and then this this world
where nothing seems to be working is
just because the demand has evaporated
right so
both ends have an incentive in 2026 to
push the limits for AI for go to market
the ones that are hyperrowing can't
touch everybody they can't do everything
not everyone like Versell will build
their own internally we can talk about
why most folks should not build they
should buy for the same reasons it's
always been true in software or we can
talk about it. At the low end, you still
need humans, but ruthless efficiency is
going to be the name of the game for
2026. So, anything where AI works, the
demand is inexhaustible. So, everyone's
either looking for more efficiency or
they just can't service the massive
amount of inbound they have. Um, and so
maybe that doesn't totally answer your
question or I got a little bit off
track, but that's how the world's
changing. Like, when we first did this,
which wasn't that long ago, in a way,
pre the AI explosion, all B2B companies
were kind of the same. like they grew at
somewhat different rates. Some blew up
faster like a Samsara. Some took longer
like a UiPath, but come on. They were
all they all kind of grew the same way
for the same ACV for the same deal size.
Now, just like in venture and everything
else, it's wildly bifurcated, right?
You've got the low end, which is all
about price increases and forcing things
onto the base. And at the high end, we
have something we've never seen since
2020, which is everyone in the market at
once.
Everyone in the market at once. This is
something that people don't understand.
Why why are why are these companies
doing so well? Why are they blowing up?
Because they're it's not just at the
software. We we love this stuff, Lenny,
right? All these new tools. We love
them. But it's not one law firm looking
at Harvey. It's everyone. It's everyone,
right? It's not a few folks looking at
video on the internet. It's everyone
trying to make video on the internet
>> because there's a lot of push from the
top of like we need to adopt AI. We need
to be more productive. Now, everyone,
not the traditional, like the
traditional metric was in most
categories, 3 to 5% of prospects would
be in market a year.
>> So, you'd send a trillion emails and you
do cold calls and you'd hope maybe 2026
was the time they're willing to dump
Salesforce for your new product. So, add
all that up, 5%. In many categories,
we're north of 50% in market.
So, that just totally changes. The plays
still work. showing up in person,
actually knowing what the hell you're
selling, knowing how to get through
procurement, all of those are work. But
other than these weird windows,
artificial windows in 2020, we've never
had so many people in market at once.
>> And this is for AI products specifically
or
>> Yeah. that that have massive ROI.
>> Yeah. Productivity.
>> I want I I need to bring a Vibe Code
tool into my company, Lenny. Okay. Go
out and do the work. Compare Replet,
Lovable, and whoever else and buy one.
Okay. Harve like why are Harvey and the
others in Lagora doing so? I mean
they're great tools but everyone's like
we need to automate how we review
contracts and documents with AI now.
They want a leader and they're going to
do it and that will slow down like not
everybody can be in market every year.
It it's exhausts an enterprise. So this
this is a version of the AI bubble that
will end and we will revert in some ways
to old school but when everybody's in
market it just it just changes how you
run the whole thing. So the so the
fastest growing ones and the slowest
growing ones both have incentives to use
AI here just for different reasons.
>> How about the sales profession
specifically? Are SDRs going to be
replaced fully AES? How do you see the
future of the sales profession?
>> The classic
SDR junior kid that is hired out of
college to send emails and respond to
respond to inbound emails and maybe get
back to them later that day or the next
day. We don't need them. We're not going
to need most of them. SDRs that knock on
doors in a lot of industries aren't
going to be displaced, right? The
emailbased cadence SDR will be 90%
displaced by AI next year. The people
have different nomclature. I call BDRs,
folks that qualify leads coming in. The
contact mess that we see, we have no
need for them today. They should be
extinct next year. There is no reason in
the age of AI I have to hit contact me,
wait two a day or two for a 21-year-old
that doesn't know what linear does to
say, "Hey, what do you do? How much are
you willing to pay me? Maybe I'll set up
a call with Lenny later this week."
There is no need to do that with AI. The
AI, our AI alone, one of our agent fully
qualifies everybody on the website so
they don't even know they're being
qualified. It just sets up the meeting
with the salesperson. So this SDR, this
email-based SDR and this human
qualifying leads, which is not good for
the customer. It doesn't feel good to be
qualified, does it? They will be mostly
extinct next year. I'm guessing with
your now the AE, the classic human doing
the sales, most of the tools aren't
there yet for the most part. I think 70%
of their jobs will be safe by the end of
next year, but I think it will decline
to 40 or 50. I don't think there's any
reason what we're seeing in other
categories, a great agent can't close a
deal too. If there's not a lot to
negotiate in price and the agent knows
the product better than a human, at
least for folks like you and me. I mean,
do you like to talk to a human in sales
>> sometimes? Uh I'd rather I'd rather just
chat chat with a Yeah. a really smart
AI.
>> Yeah. So, that's all in progress now.
But the classic and the tough part and a
lot of folks ask this question, Lenny,
they say, um, okay, Jason, I I see that
in your data. How are we going to build
the sales profession if there's no
entry-level jobs in SDRs and AES? And
that's a meta question across all of AI.
We're already seeing AI concentrate
strength in sort of mid-tier folks,
isn't it? And we're already seeing lots
of folks cut back on entry-level hires,
you know, Shopify and others aside,
where they'd rather have the six or
seveny old engineer that's a cursor
machine rather than train some kid. It's
just more efficient today, right? I'm
sure you see that across a lot of folks
you talk to. It's gonna happen in sales,
too. So the folks that know how to
manage an agent, work with an agent, the
folks that know their product for real,
they're going to become more valuable
and the rest are going to become less
valuable.
>> It's interesting because I'm an investor
in a bunch of startups as are you and
I'm actually seeing a lot of asks for go
to market people, sales people. Do you
think this is kind of a temporary
because there's so much demand, they're
like, "Oh, we need people to help and
then this will start to become more AI
over time or are they just looking for
these really senior people that you're
talking about?" Well, listen, whether
you're managing humans or orchestrating
agents, you need leadership.
We've yet to produce an autonomous CEO.
I know folks talk about how on on
Twitter that will AI will replace the
CEO, but I don't know that that's
literal as much as figurative, right?
So, we're still going to need the
seuite. We're still going to need VPs. I
mean, it's become so much work to manage
a million leads, right? A half million
leads. We we need these leaders whether
the the question is and I've seen your
call out there and I saw your tweet on
it. The question is how many of the
folks that had the current playbooks
are the right folks for the future. I'm
thinking maybe 20%. of the folks I
talked to 20 for are still panicking
about AI and and I'll tell you how to
not how to be in the 20% if you want to
know but I think very few like the
Janine from Verscell are going to make
the jump so we'll see there will be huge
organizations right like Denise just
went from Slack and Salesforce after 14
years to be CRO open AAI she's working
going to be pretty high level right so
she may not know how to need to know how
to implement the agents but most of the
folks your companies want to hire I
would just make sure they could they
really want to roll up their sleeves and
do the job of 2026 2027, right? Um just
because they worked at Slack does not
necessarily mean they have the skills at
your startup.
>> You said that you had some tips for
folks to actually be this 20%. What are
some If someone's listening to this
like, "Oh man, my job is in trouble.
What should I focus on?"
>> It's going to sound simple. It will work
and most almost nobody's doing this.
Pick a tool, an agent, an agentic tool
to solve one of your problems. It
doesn't almost m just one that's the
most painful or the one that's most
acute. It could be support. It could be
SDR. It could be inbound qualification.
Pick one. Pick a leading vendor. I don't
care which one it is. Okay? We can talk
about how to pick a vendor, but pick a
leading vendor that treats you well that
you like and do it yourself.
Train the agent. Ingest the data. Do the
iterations. Understand how this damn
thing works. Okay. The folks that are
lost today have never done it. We
literally we've turned into a consulting
shop. Lenny, it's kind of crazy. I I
don't know what I think about it, but we
literally just did a job. Amelia, our
chief A officer, and and Mia, she she
she drove it. We did a call with a
public B2B company worth well over 10
billion that you would think is an AI
leader. Okay? Okay. And we did a call
with their team and they're like, "We're
strugg."
Okay. One, no chance. Two, we asked
them, "How much of this have you done
yourself?" Like, "Have you have you done
it yourself?" And it was just crickets
on this call of 20 people. No one had
done it theirel. So, they thought they
could take an untrained agent with no
training and just magically give it to a
bunch of young 20-year-old SDRs and and
this magically would sell on its own. It
doesn't work that way, right? So, the
way all these agents work is you there's
a lot of jargon which is intimidating.
Ingestion, orchestration, training. It's
not that hard, guys. It's just
different. It's the same B2B stuff we've
been doing for over a decade. You go to
a website, okay? You give it a URL of
your website. You give it a URL of what
your wiki is. You give it a URL of your
training docs. Maybe you upload your
perspectus. You upload a few documents.
It ingests the data. And ingesting means
it uploads.
It means it processes the data and it
does some other stuff you don't really
need to know. Some ragging, some
vectoring, it really doesn't matter. You
you upload some stuff and it kind of
knows it and isn't great at it. And then
it will turn it into ideally it will
turn it into questions and you answer
these questions and it they will be get
the more you answer and train it.
Training is just answering questions and
getting better and better. So, first you
upload a bunch of your stuff. Then you
spend hours training it, often with the
help of a vendor, someone called a
forward deploy engineer, which is a
scary term. It means someone that's
going to help you do this. You upload
your stuff, you try to get it right, and
then you basically have to make sure
it's right. QA testing. And every day
when that AISDR sends out emails and do
practice emails, they will say some dumb
things. Maybe it's hallucinations. It
really doesn't matter what the technical
term is and you correct it and each and
if you do this for 30 days and every day
you spend an hour or two correcting
those mistakes by the 30th day it's
going to be pretty good and this is
anyone can do this that has been in B2B
or SAS anyone can do what I just
described it is not that different than
other things we've done it's just
sequenced differently but nobody does
this everyone's panicked and if you if
you can go do this pick any tool pick
pick uh agent force pick qualified pick
artisan pick whatever you want If you
can go do this and get it live into
production, you're hyper employable. All
the companies you talked about that need
a GTM person, they will hire you. You
could be imaginally be their chief
agentic GTM officer because but almost
anyone can do this if they want to. It's
just going to take a month of your time
and it might take you 50 or 60 hours
plus qualifying the vendor, right? And
in the old days, like when we diverted
our podcast, you'd hire an agency and
disappear. That's how you do this stuff.
Don't It don't work that. The agencies
don't know how to do this. you've got to
do it yourself. But if you do, man, you
will rock. You will just you will just
rock and you will learn, right? You will
learn um and you will learn the limits
and you will learn the agent can what it
can do and where it can't do. And then
you will learn how to do the next one,
right? So like we're pretty far on agent
force, which is Salesforce's one, which
Mark talks a lot about, but we're we're
probably one of the only organizations
of our size on it. I will tell you a
cheat code which is pretty interesting.
So, we've got we had three of these
agents working for sales.
After training it and learning it and
spending months time to learn it, we got
it down to one prompt. And prompt is
another almost intimidating word. A
string of text that describes what you
want this thing to do. Okay? We took
that prompt and gave it to agent force.
Then a day was pretty good. So, you will
if you can do one of these, it'll be
really hard. It'll be brutal. Then the
second one will be easier. And then
you're going to be like the master of
the universe in AI if you can do it
yourself. But if you're waiting for
people on your team to do it, if you're
waiting for an agency to do it, I think
you're going to be out of a job.
Right? So this is like everyone comes to
us as an experts. We're not we're only
experts because we did it 20 times.
>> I think what might be helpful here
actually is to do a a tour kind of a
quick tour of the agents that you've
built and what they do, which ones have
been most impactful. And then as you do
that, what products you use, what what
powers these agents that that you like
and maybe don't like. If any if anyone
goes to saster.ai/agents,
we'll you'll see everything we built.
It's all bulleted out. You can copy us
and I'll walk you through it. But two
two caveats or things at the top. I
built a lot of stuff in Replet. We can
talk about it for fun. I'm like a top 1%
user. I love it. None of the GTM stuff
we built ourselves. Don't build it
yourself. You're not Versel. You don't
have a full-time wicked awesome engineer
that wants to build this. Could all this
stuff be built yourself? It's the same
idea of building your own notion. You
could do it, but don't do it. It's these
products are expensive. They're not so
expensive. It's worth and then
maintaining the pace of innovation is so
fast. Even if you can hire someone to
build it internally, it will become
obsolete if you're not careful in a
couple months. So, we've built a lot of
stuff. We could talk about um uh I we I
built a a calculator to do startup
calculations, used 800,000 times in 90
days
>> for valuation, right?
>> Yeah. For valuations. I built a pitch
deck reviewer that's reviewed almost
3,000 pitch decks. Lots of fun stuff,
but none of the GTM stuff we built
ourselves. None of it. So, just a
caveat, don't build it yourself unless
you're Verscell, unless you have a
reason. That was a great pod. It was
wonderful. Don't do it. Don't do that.
>> Basically, if unless you have a awesome
go to market engineers
>> for and they really want to do it.
They're really are chomping at the bit
to do it. Um, don't do it. So, I started
and this is not where other folks would
start, but there's some learnings. I
started there's an app called Deli,
which makes digital clones. And, um, you
used it for the Lenny bot a long time
ago. I saw you do it. What's that? Yeah.
Lenny.com. Yeah. Check that out.
>> I saw it a long time ago. It was
interesting, but I I I did it didn't
click. And then Brian Halligan, who's
the founder chairman of HubSpot, did one
too. Uh there's Sequoia backed and he
was working at Sequoia, so he helped
them early on. And then I kind of had a
magic moment and this is the way it
works in AI when I saw the combination
of the two. So yours was really like
people should love moneybot because it's
got it's if folks haven't tried it, try
it. It is ingested. I know a scary term
for some. It is ingested every single
interview you've ever done, right? Every
word of content you've written. So, and
it can combine them all together. It can
combine the Verscell story and the and
and and and uh what what you did with at
with Dylan at Figma and can synthesize
the knowledge and it's pretty good. It's
pretty good. What I liked about Brian's
better than yours though was that it was
Brian and Lennybot is kind of Lenny, but
it's also kind of all your guess, right?
I think that's the superpower of it,
right? That's the way I think about it
is not just my intelligence. It's the
the lessons of every single person I've
had on this podcast.
>> So, it's great. But, I thought, hey,
maybe I could finally do one that's
that's in between the two. Like I I've
been a founder and I and I've written
10,000 pieces of content. So, that's a
little bit like Brian, but I have more
than Brian and I'm not Lenny in terms of
productivity, but I've got a lot of
voices. So, I'm like, I'll try it. I
used Deli. I instantly broke it because
I had too much data to ingest. It took
about a week to get going. Um, and it
worked. people and it's just like you
people some people spend hours a day on
digital JSON in another browser and they
don't do what they do with Lenny but
they'll they'll ask about their sales
wos and what to do with their sales team
and they'll and they'll upload LinkedIn
and ask if they should hire people
and then a curious thing happened which
is that because we do these events
people started to use it for questions
for the events hey how do I get a refund
hey can I get a discount hey where is
the Sanonteo County Fairgrounds Jason
Liz is really in the San Francisco Bay
area like who's speaking or and and like
there's endless questions Right. And we
used to use prefin intercom and we're so
busy we would answer like two weeks
later like it was ter worst support ever
and the the agent just started doing
support on its own
and then it did this thing where it sold
sponsorship on its own right so so start
you can start with so one place to start
if you haven't started is in support
okay and you don't have to buy Sierra
and you don't have to buy decacon
necessarily and you don't have to buy
Finn but one potential place to start is
is your support like can you do great
24/7 support? Can you most most apps
can't in fact some of the worst
offenders are AI leaders they they have
no support at all on their website. So
that's one place to start. Um and then
the next place we started so for us the
long game for the next place we started
is hey we want to try outbound. Okay
because we don't have 1.2 million names
like you have but we have like 400,000.
Okay. And we have data on them. So we
wanted to say hey come come back to our
SAT event. So we didn't know what to use
and I'll tell you some learning. So we
picked a YC company called Artisan.
They've gone like from like nothing to
10 million this year. Um we picked them
but this is important why they were at
they were a sponsor at Saster. We didn't
know and they offered to help us the
most. This is the critical insight. We
didn't know if Artisan was the I have
opinions now. We hadn't deployed them
but another vendor argued with us. He
said I need 100K up front before I help
you. Okay. Another one said they were
scared of Saster. They didn't want bad
PR if it failed. Fair.
>> Oh, be Yeah,
certain company.
>> We don't want to be your first. Okay.
And Artisan said, "We'll do it." And uh
we had nothing. And here's the
interesting thing about Agentic stuff.
It's like support. If you have nothing,
like it doesn't have to like change the
world. If you're literally doing nothing
and you start to do something that's
high ROI, like you're going to get
return, right? So, we did that one. We
trained it. It's great. We did about
60,000 emails. Um saw pretty high rates.
Um then we said, well, we'll try
inbound. We like we don't want to have
this depressing experience where a
salesperson quits and it's two weeks
later until they talk to. So we used
this vendor called Qualified, which was
founded by the XMO of Salesforce that
does a lot now, but mostly focus on
qualified stuff. That immediately
worked. Like we had someone at 11 p.m.
on Saturday night that wanted to sponsor
and they sponsored and it worked and it
and it worked great. Um, but again they
helped us
>> and this is an agent that is emailing
with prospects selling them on a
sponsor.
>> Well, it's literally if you go to
sasterannual.com and anyone should buy a
product like this. It doesn't have to be
qualified but but and they'll be the
bubble the intercom like bubble is tuned
to to qualifying inbound prospects.
Folks that say, "Hey, I want to sponsor
Lenny's podcast. Sorry, we're sold out
through 2028, but if you want to be on
the wait list, sign up here, okay?"
Okay. Or or even better for us, it would
qualify folks out that weren't a good
fit, right? It would save so much time
and it would do it 24 hours, then it
would just set up the meeting. So, the
reason that was a great second one was
because no one was willing to do that.
No human was willing to pick up the
phone and talk to these people. So, it
was such lowhanging fruit. Um, but the
key to the first two and and if you're
going to pick an agent is they they
offered to help the most. You're I at
the end of the day, Lenny, these are all
running on cloud 4. They're all
basically using a bunch of APIs mashed
together. That's not new to software,
right? Mashing a bunch of APIs under the
hood. But deep down, I don't want to get
anybody trigger anybody. Many of these
leader the leaders in AI GTM, they're
more similar than different. They're
more similar than different under the
hood. It doesn't mean the features are
are parody. So, because you have to
train them because it takes a month, the
world's best software with no help
training you is not one 99% of people
should buy. So today in the old days we
would qualify the best software. We
would make a matrix and we would do
their thing and we would compare
features and do it. You got to do
another column which is your forward
deployed engineer or solution
architecture your SE and talk to them
and say who is going to help me and
before you write a check get on the
phone with Lenny and see if Lenny's
really going to do deployment and if
Lenny rocks and the other vendor is
better and won't help you don't do it.
And that's why we've had so much success
is the first two we did. Yeah, they were
startups, right? So they worked harder,
but Artisan and Qualified just did the
work with us. And we're not stupid, but
it was work. We needed help, right? And
so that's what I learned is you you have
this partner, the FD and the vendor. And
um and a lot of them actually might not
take your business if they don't think
they can help you. The best ones turn
away a lot of business today, which is
interesting, right? An interesting
learning from this for folks is um a lot
of folks say and they would say it to
you if you use these lender they say you
have too much data. Saster is not like
us. We're a startup. We're tiny. You
have 400,000 people in your database.
Lenny has 1.2 million. It's not like
that's I I got I I I only have 300
customers. Okay. Or 200 customers. What
I've learned is um
that's wrong. If you have 300 customers,
how many folks have come to your website
ever? 30,000. How many leads do you
have? How many folks in your database?
How many folks have you tried to reach
out before? More than a human's doing.
And then they all of a sudden they have
the aha moment like, "How many folks do
you have in your HubSpot?" Right? How
many folks do you have in your CRM? They
look it up. 31,000. Okay. How many folks
do you have talking to them? Zero. You
don't need the scale of numbers that you
and I have to make these agents work.
You need you need a little bit of scale
and you need a little bit of traffic,
but not as much as you think. So all the
learnings we have a lot of folks that
honestly they don't want to do the work.
They're like well Saster has a lot of
scale. They have a lot of years. It's
not true. And it turns out to also be
like true with the training. I'm sure
you've seen it with Lenny. Like I
thought having 12 years of content made
the difference. Nah. It's having like a
couple months of really good content and
a long tail beyond that. But you don't
need as deep training and as much as you
think. You just need a bit to be really
good. So anyone that has any scale
whatsoever, even a couple million
revenue and up can benefit from these
products, right? So we did hor general
general bot got us to a certain place.
Then we did SDR then for outbound then
we did inbound and then we did agent
force really early with Salesforce and
we didn't know what to do with agent
force at first, right? Um but we decided
we would reactivate the folks that sales
decide was not worth their time.
folks that reached out to sales. And
this is true at every startup. We even
just talked about some of the AI leaders
where a human says, "You know what? I
don't think this is enough commission.
I'm kind of busy. I got a $4 million
deal with meta going." We just took
Asian Force just on those. Okay. And we
trained it on very similar prompt. It
had 70% response rate.
Those are people that were dying to
interact with us.
70% is so good at and this is something
humans were not willing to do. It wasn't
worth their time. And I know this sounds
critical and maybe I'm going to trigger
some sales folks. But the reality is if
you know if you're in a lead rich
environment, okay, and there and I I I
think there's lead rich and lead poor
environments for for even big companies,
but startups like there's not enough.
But you eventually you become lead rich,
okay? Reps just don't follow up with a
lot of them. It's just human nature.
It's even you. I bet more folks want to
sponsor the newsletter than you can let
in, right? Do you hum Do you pick up the
phone with all of them?
>> Uh I reply to all of them and then we
just sell them. We're we're full. But
>> yeah, but you see the point, right? Even
your scale, you see the point, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. It gets challenging.
>> Um and let's imagine all of a sudden you
had six months of inventory available. I
bet if you spooled up an agent and
emailed all those folks back
automatically, you'd fill up you'd fill
up the docket, right? Mhm.
>> So, anyone can do these sorts of You
think you can't um unless you're so
small
>> that you have sufficient humans to talk
with every potential lead, every person
that touches your website, every person
that clicks with anything, you can
benefit from AI.
So, that was kind of our journey and
then we've done a lot of other niche
stuff. I'll tell you at the end that the
where we are today this is a maybe this
is almost too much learning is we're at
the point where maybe we can't do one
more
because right now when we when we did
deli in the beginning when I copied you
with deli even me I spent almost an hour
a day training it in the beginning
because when we started to use it for
support it had an initial it started
telling people the wrong dates okay and
we could talk about why so I had to fix
it and it made some mistakes and so when
people started to use it I had to spend
an hour each morning firing up Deli
reviewing the issues and answering them.
I don't have to do it anymore. It's well
trained. Um we have so many agents going
in so many emails that Amelia has to
spend, you know, 10 to 15 hours a week
reviewing the outputs and it's
exhausting because agents work all night
and they work weekends and they work on
Christmas.
It's a big issue, right? This is not
being the orchestrator or the chief AI
person is not a good job for lazy people
because the agents never sleep, right?
So it is so much time now to manage
these 20. This is just interesting. We
can't I don't know when we're going to
do the 21st. We may be full. And for
folks that are startups, this is a
reason to go harder
because everyone was in market this
year. Okay, everyone. And it's going to
keep happening. But business process
change remains an issue for business
software. Business process change at the
end of the day. And so many founders get
this wrong. And 99% of sales folks, they
don't care about business process
change. in sales works, they just want
to get their commission. Doesn't really
matter what you pay for an app for for a
customer as long as it's fair. It's all
the work to do to change the way you do
your business, right? And so we're even
we're at the point where we're
overloaded, right? And so just be aware
if you're if you're a startup or even
Salesforce or HubSpot, maybe maybe close
those deals in the next 12 months
because the window may close where
people say, "Listen, that's the coolest
agent I've ever seen. I'm exhausted from
the last five. I had to do five last
year. I just can't literally cannot
bring one more app into my enterprise.
And so that's going to be a headwind
that today everything seems like it has
tailwinds, right? Everything's on fire.
But people are going to get exhausted
for having so many agents. Exhaust,
man. Okay. There's so much to to learn
from in what you just shared. Something
I definitely want to ask about as people
hear this uh agents sending off emails,
agents talking to your clients. Uh we
get I get a ton of emails that are
terrible.
>> Yes. H what have you learned about
making these outbound emails good and
not just you know noise? How do you make
these conversations high quality? How do
you
>> It's a really really really good
question.
>> So the two maybe the two biggest
learnings um
take
your best person on your sales team, the
best marketer you have, take their email
copy and use that as a template for your
AI. If you the the the the terrible
mistake people make people all everyone
in 2024 said these products didn't work.
There were two reasons they didn't work.
It was before cloud 4, right? Replet
didn't work. Lovable didn't exist. Gamma
didn't really work before 2025, right?
Before CL like the LMS reached this
point where they would work for these
use cases. So that was one threshold.
The other thing that happened in 2024 is
the vendors kind of lied and said uh
just turn the product on. It'll get you
revenue. No no need to train it, no need
to do anything. we'll just do everything
as this magic AI savant. It's not it's
not the way it works this way. What you
do is an a an agent will be successful
in go to market in sales today. If you
take what works for your best person,
train I know this seems like a scary
term, but it's not. Upload that text.
Okay? Train the agent on it and let it
iterate an AB test from that. Agents are
really good at AB testing. They're
really good at creating variants. AI
like you ask Claude or or chat for a
variant of your best email. Say, "Give
me three versions of my best email."
They'll be pretty good. That's all the
agent has to do is take your best email
you ever sent and stick it through an
API and go it's it's I I'm I'm making it
sound simpler than it is, but but not by
too much. So train it and then what and
then what it'll do and then give it some
data sources and the data source could
be as simple as Salesforce.
Okay? And and and then if it has any
data on Lenny, it can pull data and it
can lightly personalize that email.
Okay? And even better, if a lot of these
products track all the visitors to your
website, so they can see what's happened
and they use other APIs and so they can
personalize your emails more. And so
what ends up happening is the emails
that the AI write are pretty good. Okay?
If you're getting terrible emails, it's
a poorly trained product from a bad
vendor. You should be getting emails
when you get them and you're like, "This
isn't as good as Jason said on Lenny's
podcast, but it's pretty good." Okay,
that's what AI can do today. And the
magic is if a human isn't even doing
that or if your mediocre humans are
worse. And I'll tell you, you know, one
of the first lessons I learned when my
last startup was acquired by Adobe. Sam
Blonde was one of our sales leaders.
Then he became CRO of Brex and others.
And he we inherited a bunch of reps from
Adobe. We didn't ask for them. And he's
like, "My god, I never read everyone's
emails before. These are the worst
emails that I've ever read." So the AI
can do better than that. the AI can do
better than than that. And so you just
train it on your best and it'll be
pretty good. And so so you just haven't
seen a well-trained agent. And then what
I learned and then another question
folks ask is, "Okay, Jason, that email
was pretty good. It wasn't as great as
you said on stage, but it was pretty
good." But do you do you tell people
it's an AI or do you or do you hide it?
And what we learned from sending
hundreds of thousands is it doesn't
matter.
people. We're we're we're we're we're in
an age where people don't really care as
long as the email adds value and they
know they're going to get an instant
response. We've tried both. We've tried
to say, "Hey, it's digital Amelia or
digital Jason." We've tried to fake it.
And what we've learned is now we just
send it. We We just send it and no one
cares. And sometimes we'll get
especially founders will get an email
back. They'll be like, "Haha, I can tell
this is NI but it's pretty good. Can I
do a meeting?" That kind of says it all,
doesn't it? Mhm. So, we're worrying
we're creating issues as excuses to not
do the work.
>> Your point about how sale human sales
people's emails are not great already is
really powerful because all we're
looking at is these okay emails from AI
and you're saying okay but humans
they're not actually that much better if
you actually look at them. My god,
they're not the be listen the best
outbound emails you've ever gotten. Um
like for example, I know you've done a
bunch of investments a lot of them are
inbound to you. They want Lenny
involved. Right.
>> That's right.
>> Some of them are just so good you can't
believe it. Right.
>> A few.
>> Yeah.
>> How many are that? But but a lot of them
aren't. Right.
>> Right.
>> So like the best founders and the best
sales execs and the best SDRs will spend
two hours researching an email. Okay.
Who exactly did IBM should I reach out
to? What did IM? Who else exactly is a
competitor that's using them? Exactly
what was the ROI? They'll give you a
perfect story. Like you get the world's
best story. Here's your competitor.
Here's how they use it. Here's exactly
when they bought. Here's the ROI. Here's
the case study. That's gonna that's a
great email, right? How many 21-year-old
STRs do that. No, they they use a to an
automation tool whether it's Outreach or
Gong or Salesoft or Mixmax or an AI
based, but they do no work. It's not
going to be that great. It's not going
to be that great. So, that's why for for
people get a little confused. The bar
for good enough for AI GTM is not as
high as we think. It's just like uh you
know a a fimile of your best person
reproduced as best we can. It's going to
beat your midpack person. It's going to
beat the person that literally knows
nothing about your product.
>> Is this is this an opportunity for
humans to continue to thrive this layer
of much better emails. Uh this came up
when we had Jen Ael on the podcast. She
I asked her like what tools do you use?
What do you use? She's like nothing. I
just write it out artisally. Uh and it
works really well because everyone's
sending AI emails. Is this just like
where go to market sales people still
can exist that's much better email or is
that also
>> for for if you have a high performing
human team hunting high dollar value
logos and when this is classic stuff
Lenny and I and Jen are in a in a
conference room we put a whiteboard of
the 50 best folks that we want to
sponsor Lenny's podcast there's only 50
okay and we write notion and we write
linear and we write rap there's only 50
it's a and we're all trying to sell them
these new sponsorships They're they're
they're half a million bucks for two
years. Take it or leave it. Okay. And I
give we divide them up and we say
Lenny's best at this, Jason's best is
Jen and we each take 15 or 17.
>> Dude, no need for AI there, is there?
>> Agreed. No need for AI today
>> because the ROI is really high.
>> Yeah. And we're and we're great and and
we know that the three of us are we're
different. The three of us are really
different. It's going to crush and we
don't need any Maybe one of us will take
our emails and run it through Claude
real quick just to make it better,
right? or or what I do is I do it for
more research. Like I write the world's
best email and then I say, "Claude, how
could I make this better? Do a little
research. It will still be better." So
that's an AI boost Jen should be doing.
I love Jen, but she should be she should
at least be making it better. But for
our 45 50 best ones, we don't need it.
What if it's 5,000? Her approach just
doesn't work. So yes, a lot of the stuff
we're talking about lends itself to
higher volume sales. But as everyone
gets bigger, it's all higher volume.
It's all there's just so much volume as
you scale, right? So, yes, if you're
tiny and you have three prospects and
you're you're just getting into Y
Combinator, maybe you don't need these
tools, but we we graduate out of that
more quickly. And and the bespoke thing
for Jen, I think, will work for high
dollar value enterprise, but is outside
of that, I don't know, man. Uh it's uh
you just can't touch enough people.
Humans can't touch enough people, and
humans don't want to do the work. They
don't want to talk to the mediocre
leads. They literally don't. I'll tell
you an like when I was in London,
I wanted to buy a $10,000 product. Okay?
And I'm literally in London. I and we're
doing SAS. I don't have any time, right?
And I get confused with the time zones,
Lenny. I don't know if you do. I don't
even know what time it is in the Bay
Area. So, I just emailed this rep at the
end of the year. I'm like, just send me
the contract. I want to buy it, but I
have two questions. I have two questions
I want answered. I told him these two
questions. And they weren't even about
price.
took him three days to get back to me
and he introduced me to someone else on
his team. It wasn't worth his time. 10
grand wasn't enough because not enough
commission for him, right? So, he
introduced someone else to me and the
other guy said, "I can't answer your
questions unless you'll get on the
phone."
And I said, "I'm in London. I'm
traveling. If you will," ordinarily, I
would have ended this, but I'm I'm It's
a journey. I'm like, "If you answer my
two questions, I will buy your property
for 10K." He's like, "I need to get on
the phone." Like, AI is better than
that. This is not Jen's in the
whiteboards thing of doing it. So, um,
it will at least it will fill the even
if Jen's process is right, AI can fill
all the gaps. What about all the
sponsors we the leads we didn't follow
up with and we got a 70% response rate,
right? I mean, the gens are diamond in a
rough and whatever the expression, the
diamond. There's not that many of them.
There's not that many of them. So, uh, I
I love her and I love what she says and
I agree with 99% of it. But here's a po
a related point.
Most of us are don't have the hottest
brands and we don't have the most elite
CRO running them. So we end up settling
for not the best sales team.
That's the truth. Most 99% of the best
sales reps want to work just at the
hottest brands. And the minute you're
not the minute your star fades just a
little bit, they don't want to work.
They they immediately want to jump to
the next one. It's just there's a lot of
reasons why. So bear in mind 99% of of
the world cannot attract a team of gens
or better. It's just pract even I can't
even you could Lenny you're so great but
even a lot of folks that would want to
go work for you if you want to hire
someone they'd be like well I love the
but what do I have to do? I've got to
sell newsletter sp like no no no no no
no no I want to be CRO at lovable I love
Lenny but is that really going to get me
there? Right.
>> Yeah.
>> So we AI can AI can beat those.
But AI can't beat the enterprise thing.
AI I I have no idea how AI is going to
do inerson sales. I someone smarter than
me is going to have to answer that. But
um a lot of I you know you have such a
huge audience, Lenny, but I still think
most of your folks are in tech and doing
tech sales. Tech is the largest segment
of our economy and growing, right? So
for the most part, these tools will work
for tech sales. Tech sales is over the
Zoom, over the phone, over email. We're
not We should knock on more doors. We
should do more in person. All the data
I've ever collected shows everything
closes at a higher rate if you go in
person. It's just not. But in tech, it's
basically as much automation as we can
get away with in GTM.
>> What I think might be helpful is just
like let me zoom out for a second and
describe what you've gone through here.
So you used to have I love this visual
you had of the desks of the sales folks
in your office uh where you had inbound
STRs, you had outbound SDRs, maybe a
support person
>> and three or four AES account.
>> Okay. three or four AES who kind of take
these leads and then close the deal.
>> And so now in just like instead of
humans, there's an agent doing each of
these jobs. Yes.
>> You have this inbound this outbound uh
agent that's just sending emails trying
to find potential leads. Uh an inbound
agent that's talking to people that are
interested, trying to get them uh more
excited. And then is there an AE agent
or I forget what that?
>> We have that's what I'm still learning.
We have one full-time AE plus
>> 20% of Amelia's time, so it's 1.2 doing
what five or six AES do.
>> I see.
>> And no SDR BDRs.
>> Got it. So basically all the top of
funnels is AI. Yes.
>> And there's one human now that takes all
this all the great stuff and just closes
the deals, negotiates pricing, things
like that.
>> Yeah. Maybe 1.2 just to say it. But but
yeah, let's call 1.2.
>> Yeah. So that's where I wanted to go. So
Amelia, so that feels really important.
just somebody, not necessarily
full-time, but just staying on top of
these agents, watching the emails,
making sure quality is high, making sure
they're running correctly. Talk about
just like how important that part is to
this whole operation.
>> It It's critical. It It's critical. And,
you know, people are posting on LinkedIn
that they want to hire these GTM
engineers or
I don't think that role exists today. I
I I worry when I see these roles. I
think today, and listen, if we get
together in 18 months, we'll we'll
update this because the world's changing
so fast, right? I think today 95% of 100
you've got to promote someone
internally. It's got to be a nerd,
someone that likes marketing and sales
and is quant. You know, a lot of BTOC
people are frankly good at this stuff
because in B toc sales and marketing are
kind of the same thing, you know, but
someone that's a nerd that loves to sit
in front of data for a couple hours a
day and and route data and manage these
agents and uh they come out of product,
they could come out of marketing, but
maybe they could come out of RevOps, but
they better be nerdy. Odds they come out
of regular sales approach zero. So, I
would find someone on my team that
raises their hand and says, "I've
already done this." Okay, I I've already
I've already written 10 apps in Replet
and I and I and I love Verscell and I
did this and I've already tried these
ones on my own. Can I please manage
these for you? And then have them be
your chief orchestration officer. But it
is a new skill set. It it really is. And
and ultimately finding someone that's
going to spend an hour or two a day to
manage these agents is the new new
frontier for us to figure out. Um they
they do not they they operate
autonomously but not without constant
oversight and iteration. That's the
confusing part. It and and you just if
you just buy one of these products and
disappear, you will have zero ROI. So
maybe too long of an answer, but that's
critical. And I just think unfortunately
>> you're going to you have to grow this
resource at home today. You have to even
within versel that basically grew the
resource in home, right? We're not all
versel, but I just haven't seen it.
Everyone's hosting for this job. Um but
we need veterans.
We don't have veterans yet, right? And
going back early in the conversation, if
that is you, you're going to be super
employable next year.
You're going to have so many job offers,
you're not going to know what to you're
going to have to beat them off.
>> And when you think of is Amelia, would
you describe as a go to market engineer
or do you is that a different role?
Chief I would say officer.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> But she knows the product's cold
>> she knows how the all the quirks work,
how all the agents work in and here's a
this is this is a a complicated issue,
but an interesting one. If you're
running multiple agents, okay, someone's
got to segment which of the base the
agents are working with or they're going
to have tons of conflict, you need
someone smart enough and any like really
nerdy demand genen marketer that loves
data can do this. But you've got to
segment your base
>> otherwise it just becomes a mess. There
are no people on X and the internet talk
about these master agents that can
manage agents that can manage agents.
We're not there yet. Okay m maybe like
I'm excited for it but we're not there
yet. So just even figuring out how to
segment your base so you can do inbound,
retargeting, remarketing, new marketing,
like so so that that is complicated,
but most badass marketers kind of
understand that. They're already doing
AB testing, segmenting their bases. This
is not new, is it?
>> No.
>> No. Yeah,
>> it's Yeah,
>> but turning it on with zero work is a F.
Like it's just it's just no chance.
This episode is brought to you by Data
Dog, now home to EPO, the leading
experimentation and feature flagging
platform. Product managers at the
world's best companies use Data Dog, the
same platform their engineers rely on
every day to connect product insights to
product issues like bugs, UX friction,
and business impact. It starts with
product analytics, where PMs can watch
replays, review funnels, dive into
retention, and explore their growth
metrics. Where other tools stop, Data
Dog goes even further. It helps you
actually diagnose the impact of funnel
drop offs and bugs and UX friction. Once
you know where to focus, experiments
prove what works. I saw this firsthand
when I was at Airbnb, where our
experimentation platform was critical
for analyzing what worked and where
things went wrong. And the same team
that built experimentation at Airbnb
built EPO. Beta Dog then lets you go
beyond the numbers with session replay.
Watch exactly how users interact with
heat maps and scroll maps to truly
understand their behavior. And all of
this is powered by feature flags that
are tied to real-time data so that you
can roll out safely, target precisely,
and learn continuously. Data Dog is more
than engineering metrics. It's where
great product teams learn faster, fix
smarter, and ship with confidence.
Request a demo at dataq.com/lenny.
That's data hq.com/lenny.
I'm looking back at some notes I took as
you were talking of just like advice for
each function almost of how to be
successful in this future that you're
seeing. So I try to summarize briefly.
So your advice for sales people is use
the agents, build one yourself, try to
train it, help it run, run alongside you
so that you understand these tools and
be the person within the sales or that's
uh
>> for for leadership. I advise that
>> for leaders,
>> I don't know that if your average SDR or
junior salesperson is going to get
budget for their own agent. If they do
run with it, the problem, Lenny, is that
all these agents that work today, they
have forward deployed engineers, they
have training, so they're all like 50
grand and up. 50 grand, 80 grand. I mean
people pay more don't get me wrong but
kind of the entry level point for these
is sort of like 50 grand plus 25k for
the FDE or 75 like they want even clay I
think starts at 100k a year so if you're
a bigger organization that's cheaper
than a human right it's it's a tall but
but there are no $99 a month uh products
which has a lot of it they're trying and
I think it's going to come they don't
autotrain yet particularly well and so I
don't know that junior folks are going
to have access to 100k budget
unfortunately right so that advice is
for the VPs the folks that are worried a
lot of them are worried that I'm
obsolete
right that I'm obsolete that I'm not
going to get that role at Verscell or
OpenAI um so keep keep going my the
advice for the junior folks is to
embrace it
you if you whatever tools your
organization is using become the best
person at working with that agent and
you will automatically get more
efficient
Yeah. Is it annoying that that you walk
into work and the agent set up four
calls for you and maybe you only wanted
to do two of them? Embrace it. Embrace
it because you'll be twice as
productive. Right. I was literally
talking yesterday. There's a company I'm
on the board of called owner.com which
is kind of like AI for restaurants are
crossing 100 million in revenue going
really quickly. He's got 100 folks on
the sales team. Kyle does. With AI, he's
trying he's targeting 3 to five million
in revenue per rep.
3 to 5 million. Honestly, if this was
three or four years ago for a similar
company, it would be 3 to 500K.
That's an order of magnitude more
efficiency. Still 100 reps, right? 100
reps. Uh he's going to need more to hit
the number for next year, but 3 to 5
million per rep. So, if you're that guy
that can work with those tools, you
become more valuable.
But if you fight it, if you don't want
to do that extra meeting, if you fight
it, um there's a there's a there's a
tool, another tool we use for RevOps.
There's two we use. One's called
Momentum, one's called Attention.
They're both great. They're very
similar. And what it does is every
single thing a human does is
automatically tracked in your CRM
instantly. Every comm real time. There
have been tools that have done some of
this before, but literally everything.
And and when we rolled it out, and it
happened with a few other folks I know,
one of the folks on that old team quit
that day. Quit the day we rolled out the
the AI RevOps. You know why? He hadn't
done anything in 30 days.
>> The gig was up.
>> Oh wow.
>> Every day he would show up to our
standup and he said, "Yeah, I'm doing
outbound and I'm really working on that
deal with Versel
>> and nothing would close." And then we
said, "Oh, we're" and he quit that day.
So my point is he didn't lean into it,
right? Lean into it. Now you're going to
have full total transparency on your
day. You know, granola is, you know, a
side example for everything. But but AI
is going to track everything you do.
Like if you want to fight it, you want
to fight the future, good luck to you.
But embrace it and you will you will
leap ahead of your peers that aren't
embracing this. Embra embrace all the
transparency, all the leads, all the
work it makes you do. Because you can't
close 10 times as much doing the same
amount of work, can you?
>> Nope.
>> We do more work with AI. I'm working the
hardest I've ever worked.
That's with all these agents and all the
output they create and Ameilia does a
lot of it but even I am working the
hardest but but it but it's better but
it's not less work it's the it's more
work the agents are so productive you
have to keep up so I so sorry to
interrupt for the for the for the
managers buy an agent deploy it yourself
don't have someone else do it do
everything from training to ingestion to
orchestration and those terms will be
less scary to you for the junior folks
be the guy the gal the person that loves
these tools and that is the first person
to embrace whatever it is. Don't fight
it.
>> Awesome. Okay. For founders in startups,
what I'm hearing is the um be that
forward deployed engineer, have that
person, that sales engineer that's
sitting there helping companies. This is
basically an opportunity to to uh
compete with bigger players where you're
actually there helping them set things
up. Like all the companies you
mentioned, none of them are big
companies. They're all startups, which
is really interesting.
>> It is true. I will say it is working
with Salesforce the way we are. It's the
way I haven't worked with Salesforce
since it was the first product I bought.
I mean, 20 years ago, dude. Um, when I
bought Salesforce 20 years ago, I got
everything was hands-on. I bought two
seats. I remember back in the day
talking to my rep. I'm like, "Don't talk
to me. You don't have time. You work at
Salesforce. I'm buying two seats." He's
like, "No, no, no. This is what we do.
I'm here for you. I'm going to help you
get your app on the app exchange. We're
going to do all that." And that went
away. It's kind of back, right? And
Mark's got 2,000 folks doing this at
Salesforce now. So, we have a forward
deployed engineer. I'm not even sure it
makes economic sense. And maybe in two
years someone like you or I would not
get an FDE, but but but the big
companies are figuring it out. But yes,
pick a vendor that will make you a
success with with an FDE, right? And and
um people throw this term out, but
again, it's just someone that's going to
make sure you get trained and onboarded
with your product for real. But yeah, so
start startups have a motivation to do
this in a way that maybe some of the
incumbents really are still figuring
out, right?
>> Which is a big opportunity for startups
to actually do this. And this actually
resonates uh very uh closely to what Jen
suggested for startups which is sell
services initially just like do work for
them solve their problem not with
software to get things started to grow
that into a massive contract with them
that is software.
>> You mean the mean land and expand start
with a smaller deal and grow it.
>> Start no like like a for like a person
sitting there doing this work with them.
Essentially what you're describing don't
just like we have software go try using
it. It's like we will have someone on
our team helping you figure this out and
and maybe there's not even software yet
to do all these things, but we'll have
them do it for you and then the software
will take on more and more of that work
over time.
>> I think that's always been great advice
and startups have always been great at
this like in the early days you the CEO
does it is is doing support and co's on
boarding you. I think what's different
today is the agent will fail without
training and onboarding this product. It
it it will fail like it will never it
will never work. So it it becomes an
imperative if you want to win like you
need I I you this term has been bandied
about too much but you need a team of
humans we can call them forward deployed
engineers that make a 100% sure that
when the agent is turned on it's awesome
that's your job as a founder make sure
it's awesome versus in the old days that
even when I built one of the first e
signature services that was so easy to
use we'd have some customers take them
two years to go live big customers
that's just not okay in the age of AI
>> right
>> yeah And these forward to deploy
engineers is that just another name for
sales engineer or is that a different
sort of background?
>> It can be and I think all this
nomclature is confusing man all this
orchestration and ingestion. I think
we're we we're conf like Palunteer is
obviously the single most successful
public B2B company at the moment right
maybe maybe data bricks and a few others
will beat them in the next wave of IPOs
but their idea for forward deployed
engineers is similar but these are nine
figure deals. Most of us aren't doing
hundred million dollar deals. So the
idea that you'll have Gary Tan and an
army of folks out in the office for 6
months getting the software to work that
that that sort of inspires the idea but
it's really sure it could be a sales
engineer or solution architect but the
difference is the sees that a lot of us
worked with in the days were resources
and often like there was also a classic
resource of like eight sales reps to one
SE. So the eight reps would there'd be a
pod and one SE would be responsible and
you'd kind of have to fight to get Jason
or Lenny's time to help the eight reps.
This is inverted. The FDE's number one
job is to make the customer a success.
Okay. I was literally the other day
doing a presentation, an AI leader that
closed a $3 million deal. Um, the FTE
did it all themselves. Sales wasn't even
involved in the deal. They went on site,
they got the deployment going, they
tuned it everything. All sales did was
manage it through the procurement
process. Okay, that's pretty different
than a guy answering some questions for
the humans, right? So it is a
combination of customer success and SE
or whatever but it is it is really I
mean frankly it's just being a a classic
consultant that gets the product done on
day one on on day one. That's the
difference is that when you go live it
works. When you go live it works. That's
what that and it's a fancy name for a
bunch of folks on your team that when it
goes live the AI agent actually works.
So you have a 100% success rate instead
of like the 5% rate of 2024. So those
people, but they do need to be tech
technical. I don't know if they need to
be engineers. It can really vary based
on, you know, I love it when they're
kind of like mediocre engineers that are
like in love with the product. That's my
favorite type of FD. Like they're only
they don't really want to code much
anymore, but they did code and they like
just love your product. Um but uh I
don't think it can be someone with no
product chops but it could all different
folks can work but they they've got to
know the product cold but um yeah I
would startups like I mean the term is
thrown around you need four folks that
will just make sure that on go live the
product works your agentic product works
that's what you need
>> I think what might be useful to close
out this conversation is to kind of go
through what are the things that are
changing like maybe a handful of things
that that are changed that are now going
to be different in the world of sales go
to
And what are a few things that are just
going to stay the same?
>> Yeah, let's go through it. Obviously,
support is the first one to have
changed. It's our obviously permanently
changed with AI, right? Whatever vendor
you look at, 50 to 80% of support is
done by AI. And we don't always think
about support as GTM, but it is it's the
start of a customer journey. It's very
important to the customer journey. So,
so if you're skeptical, go look at, you
know, support has changed permanently.
So, that that train's left the station.
Really, as we record this, not much has
changed in sales. I mean, I do think the
stuff we've talked about is the bleeding
edge. I do think the classic
cadencebased SDR running campaigns
through a through a tool him or herself
will be mostly extinct with 12 months.
There is no reason AI can't do a better
job than that role. The classic
qualifier qualifying inbound leads,
which is a crappy experience for
customers, should be similarly extinct
within mostly extinct um in 12 months.
the rest we're we're going to wait and
see. I think what we do know for reps,
for sales reps, everyone wants to be
even more efficient in the next 12
months. There's a lot of reasons people
want to be again at the bottom end, it's
it's it's cost, it's profitability
pressures. At the high end, it's
cultural. We just don't want 200 reps
running around Verscell or Rep.
Everyone at just the company owner, 3 to
5 million per rep is a lot different
than 3 to 500,000. So, you have to
adjust as a rep. you still there's still
every AI leader can't hire enough reps
like we talked about, but you're going
to have to adjust to being geometrically
if not exponentially more productive
with help from AI. So, you have to
embrace these tools for real. And
everyone, a lot of folks, a lot of old
school GTM leaders are like, you know,
AI isn't going to hurt sales reps. It's
just going to make them give them
superpowers.
The best ones, yes, the mediocre are
just going to be like more mediocre,
right? Um, so I think the AE is we will
always have salespeople, but being a
people person is not enough anymore.
You know how you can tell a mediocre
salesperson, Lenny?
>> You ask them what they're really good
at. I'm a people person, Lenny. You know
how you can you know you know how you
you know how good I am, Lenny? I I I'm
on text with 10 of my best customers.
I'm a people person.
>> Um, what are the toughest technical
objections you have at your product?
What
what they don't they don't know, but
they're a people person. you know, this
is like golf 3.0. It just it's not
enough. Like it's it's it's
insufficient. So people people are
becoming obsolete in sales. Um field
sales, no idea how AI is going to impact
that if you're out in the field. I mean,
you know, the enterprise leaders are
hiring more field sales people than
ever. Salesforce is hiring more than
ever. Um and knocking on doors still
works, man. So don't don't know the
answers there. But the office worker and
the work from home worker, AI is going
to take as much of your job or make you
as much better as it can and you got to
embrace it. So that that's a I would say
from support to knocking on doors. You
know, we're going to go from 80% to 0%.
Uh
>> what about phone calls?
>> You know, it's a great question and we
should have hit it. Obviously, there's
there's plenty of robocall and
regulatory issues around it. Um
certainly a lot of startups are breaking
the rules anyway. I would say this.
Listen,
there are there's phone calls and
there's even SMS. There's limits to how
much SMS you can automate, right? A lot
of old school businesses don't even
check emails, right? I mean, you're
working in the shop floor. So, those are
unanswered questions. People are
breaking the rules. Open AI still breaks
the rules, right? Um, now it's licensing
Disney content. It used to just borrow
Disney content. We will see. Um, so I
don't I don't know the answers to that.
I think in in Europe it'll certainly be
much slower than in the US, but startups
are going to push the limits. They're
going to push the limits on what we can
do with AI calls, AI enhanced, whether a
human's kind of on the line, but AI is
doing all the work. Maybe that maybe
that's legal, right? Getting more
consent for SMS than we typically get.
So to think that the typical barriers to
roboc calling in SMS is gonna that
startups aren't going to bend the rules
in the age of AI, I I'm I'm dubious, but
it's a good question. It's harder to do.
The one thing I will add is um and it's
a good objection to all of this and and
I'd love to get Jen's thoughts too, but
if you talk to the startups you'd invest
in, uh Lenny, fewer of them are good at
outbound phone calls than you'd think,
right? We had um we had multip of the
heads of uh revenue at um Ripling Speak
at Saster, the old CRO worked on my team
and others. They were late to develop uh
cold calling because we never did it
back in the the CRO was on my team. So,
we had to you had to bring in someone
that had worked with Sam Blonde at Brex
who had done it. It is a real art to
pick up the phone and close business. It
is a specialized skill. And so, if you
if if that's your specialized skill and
there's no way for AI to benefit, so be
it. But I don't think for most tech
calls that that is as impactful as we
pretend it is. I don't think most of the
startups you and I work with and most of
the folks listen to this do not close
the majority of their revenue with cold
human cold calls. It's it is a it is a
craft that works but man it you got to
be good at it.
>> You have this line somewhere that if you
can close on a text message AI can close
it.
>> Yes
it is. I'm being facitious in the sense
that people say that I think have weaker
relationships with customers. This is
why a is people have weaker
relationships with their customers than
they think. Yeah. And if it's so easy to
close a deal on a text message, and
we've done hundreds of thousands of
these and found it, folks don't mind if
it's an AI. If it's a good AI, why won't
it close it on the text message? Right?
AI can be people people, too.
It really can't. If you don't believe
me, folks, go to Lennybot. Is that the
URL? Lennybot.com.
>> Lennybot.com.
>> If you don't think AI can be people
people, go spend hours on Lennybot,
don't they?
>> Yeah. And uh the best part is you could
talk to talk to Lennybot uh with voice.
There's a voice feature that sounds
exactly like me. It's unbelievable.
>> Yeah. So, and and one a meta reason to
go use Lennybot. Go in with a learning a
learning mind. Don't go in bias. You
will find that AI can be people people.
People spend hours. Our best who are our
best therapists today as we record this
chat. GPT is our best best therapist on
planet Earth. It's a people person. I
mean, it sounds silly, but if if that is
your best defense in sales that you're a
people person, uh you you're the the
sands are the sands are sinking beneath
you right now. It's it's not enough of a
skill. It's people person is great when
people buy enterprise software that's
going to take two years to roll out and
they have no idea how it works and it's
a hope and a prayer
when you expect the agent to work during
the pilot before the big check comes
people person is insufficient
terrific talk tell me the person that's
going to launch my agent train it and
get into production for me before I even
pay you it was you know it is this is
the dream when he this is maybe this is
one of the biggest changes of all
when I talk with Mark Beni off and
Salesforce is the biggest right it's 44
billion it's the biggest ship to to turn
right he's like the number one thing I
envy in Palunteer one is their high deal
sizes he made that joke in all the media
and all the press but the other thing is
I wish he said I wish I could I can't
today I wish every Salesforce customer
now could go live before they pay
that is so different from how we've been
trained in many ways to almost rip off
the customer to get them to buy the
product. Uh try first try to avoid a
pilot, then have the smallest pilot we
can, then roll it out over years to
different people. AI has upped the bar
in terms of what customers expect. And
that's why the best ones are blowing up
because the the ROI is so high. Um and
so you you've got to deliver the ROI
before the document is e- signed today.
That will people that haven't fully
embraced that are at public companies
growing 8%.
They're still trying to play games.
>> What are some other things that you
think are going to change that people
may not be thinking about that's going
to change the way we do sales in the
next couple years?
>> Net net, we're going to need more sales
and go to market professionals than ever
because the winners are growing so
quickly that even if they're more
efficient, they will need more human
beings than ever. I I I I we'd have to
put together a spreadsheet to see the
crossover point. Obviously, many folks
are shrinking headcount. Microsoft's
already said they're past peak employee.
They will never they'll never going to
be bigger. You're we're seeing this all
across the companies we work with. They
don't want to be they want to be as lean
as they can. But AI is such a huge part
of our economy already, right? And it's
such it's such a force of nature and
everyone is, you know, everyone
eventually goes enterprise. Everyone
eventually has a sales team. Everyone
eventually does it. It's happening
faster. You know, 11 Labs um 50% of
their sales is through enterprise now,
right? I mean, I don't know everybody.
Um, the fact that Verscell just added
Janine means they're going more
enterprise by definition, right? I think
Replet just added a sales team a couple
months ago for real and now they've
added another CRO. So they got to 10 and
something million with no traditional
sales team, but at a billion it's going
to be flooded with salespeople. So if
you get great at this stuff, if you go
buy an agent today, when you listen to
this and deploy it yourself and do the
hard work and train it and ingest it and
iterate it every day and get ahead of it
and then get two agents, then three and
then four,
you may become more valuable, have a
better experience in DTM, and I believe
I hope actually be better paid. Like
I've talked about that we should have
$250,000 a year SDRs, but they'd be like
at Versel, they'd be managing 10 agents,
not 10 people. then they're worth 250
grand instead of 80 grand or 90 grand.
It's it's not that much, is it? So there
is a great world coming. These are the
best of times, aren't they, Lenny, for
product and business, right? Just it's
not evenly distributed. So you want to
be you want to have if you have those
skills, even though we're not going to
need these SDRs and even though we're
not going to be BDRs, even though we can
get rid of half of AES, there is so the
amount of revenue and growth in AI
leaders is so phenomenal, right? Not not
just at the startups at the Google
clouds at everywhere the the Azour there
they're hiring so many humans that
netnet it's a positive for the
profession but not for the way we've
done it in the past you're at risk
>> that is really interesting that we're
still hiring and and and and this is
what I've seen too just like everyone's
hiring sales people go to market people
do you think there's like going to be
this peak in the next couple years of
just okay now that AI is doing more and
more of this or is it or is it just hard
to predict because who knows how big AI
gets how big these companies
I mean it is over a trillion dollars. I
don't see any re and it's accelerating
the amount of AI is is increasing the
amount Gartner says next year will be
the fastest acceleration of money
deployed into it and software in a
decade. It's reacelerated. That can that
last forever? No. Eventually we we
consume 100% of the global GDP. There's
no money left to buy. Like there there
are some some limits. But I I think for
I don't think you and I and anyone any
of the millions of people that follow
you, I don't think we got to think too
much more than three to four years out
here. It's too much. There's too much
change. If you if you become a master of
the universe and AI, you will be hyper
employable the next two to three years.
And if you stay with a learner's mind,
that will just compound. And so you will
you will have a a job that I think is
far more interesting, even if more
tiring than than than we used to have.
But the days of working 20 hours a week
and kind of phoning it in and getting a
few deals, uh, you know, I I think those
are forever beh That That was a great
time. Um, even you had a little bit of
that. You're I think you're working
harder than you used to, aren't you?
>> I am. I am.
>> I mean, the classic Lenny vibe at
100,000 subscribers was kind of leave me
alone. I take a lot of vacations. I do
some good work. I mean, it's still part
of your vibe, but I I think you're
working harder.
>> I'm working incredibly hard. I am. The
original idea was create this like like
chill newsletter life. I'm just going to
write a newsletter once a week. Life's
gonna be good.
>> And uh it was just it's just hard to
pass up on really cool opportunities and
and do more, help it grow bigger. Like
it's just I couldn't resist. So yeah,
I'm working.
>> And that should be all of us though.
Like we should you should be feel if
you're not feeling what you said or even
a version of what I said then then
you're not you're not living you're not
in the right you're not living the AI
dream today. It is more work. It should
be tired. It should be like it if
nothing even if it's better in some ways
it is just more work. Um but but this is
the most exciting time of our lifetimes
to be in software. I mean good god I'm
like I can't even code Lety and I've
built 12 apps on replet in the last 150
days used by a million million times.
I've been waiting 10 years for some of
these folks to build some of these apps.
I just did it myself, right? I literally
just when I was in London, I built a
whole app where you can sell you can
practice selling Harvey Cursor Replet
and ChatgBT Enterprise and it works
like we couldn't this wasn't even
possible at the start of the year, was
it? So, these are magical times and we
the fact that we can we can run an eight
figureure business with three people and
20 agents. It's like, you know, get get
excited or like go join one of these
really slow growing be like I I my
advice is pick one of two paths today.
Either be working harder like even you
and I are, right? We don't have to. Um
or honestly, I will say the truth is the
the there were a thousand unicorns born
in 2021, right? 800 of them are growing
pretty slowly, will never IPO, may not
have an exit, but they're okay with 8%
or 15% growth. If you don't want to be
on the journey we talked about, I'm not
judging. I get it. We're humans, right?
We have families. Not all of us are
obsessed. I think I'm kind of obsessed.
I think you've become more obsessed. If
that's not you, join join something more
slow growing. They still need people.
Not as many. They still need people. But
I would pick I would pick a lane for
next year. Don't pretend that there's
this middle path going to start because
it don't exist in GTM. And I don't think
it exists in product or engineering
either.
>> I love just how excited you are about
this. just like you could tell on
Twitter just how fun this is for you
just learning and sharing and uh and I
love that you're sharing it, but I think
it's just a symptom of you're just so
excited about what's happening and what
you're learning and it's just like you
can't help but share it. I'm in the same
way. I'm just like, "Oh I just
vibed this really cool thing. I got to
tweet about it."
>> It's just it is just magical
that
our ability to build things that we
couldn't build before or build in ways
and paces. It it's just
>> it it's and it's accelerating. It's so I
mean we could talk about it forever, but
even for me for like I just picked Rep.
I picked Replet because Twitter told me
to. I could have picked another tool.
Like I'm not an investor and I'm not I'm
not even biased, but I'm in the top 1%.
>> Just to double down what you said,
you're top 1% user of Replet.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. So it really didn't work well when
I started about 170 days ago. Then a V2
came out and it got better. the
hallucinations went away and then this
is just like you got to get excited
about folks may not know this and other
tools when V3 came out I don't know 45
days ago now it has agents talking to
agents so what happens is when you when
you and I again I can't really code so
when I have an issue and I'm trying to
figure out how to do something the agent
calls in an architect or another agent
and they debate and argue with it and
they come up with the right answer the
first time this happened I just fell out
of my chair it's just so not only is it
magical I mean great you can do a prompt
and build a crappy app it doesn't work
now like 150 days later you have agents
debating how to build better code with
each other and you don't even need to
know how to code I mean this is the
greatest the only greater time is going
to be next year
right I've been waiting I've been
waiting right um and uh you know and
just that the things that you can build
today and the other I mean you know this
but other folks I mean that's me
building without being able to code the
other Captain Obvious thing you know if
you're building any why are folks so
productive on all these tools I Every
bit of open source software in the world
is in these tools.
If you want to build something that's
been built before, it's so easy. The
novel stuff's really hard, right? It's
not any easier, but man, it's just these
are these are great. And so, and and
maybe may maybe and so for GTM for
sales,
it's it's it's a couple beats behind and
and and and um there's probably a bunch
of reasons for it. Some of it is, I
think, ironically, is just where
founders are interested. So marketing is
behind sales for AI. Like the AI SGR has
exploded. I don't really know why. I
invested in a couple of PreAiI tools. Um
I invested in Salesoft which was sold
for two and a half billion as like the
last deal the 2020 ones like the seed
investment. No one wanted to be in that
category. Now everyone in the world
wants to build an AISD AR CRM. But
marketing is slower just because they're
really people don't really want to build
the cursor for marketing. People say
they do but but you it's just not but it
it will get there. But um the innovation
will just accelerate. It's just going to
accelerate. So So don't be a skeptic on
this stuff. Like if you're not as
excited as me, then here's my last bit
of advice on this for folks. If you're
not if you don't feel what I feel,
here's my advice over the holidays.
When you have a quiet moment when you're
having your mold wine or your hot
chocolate or whatever, go fire up your
browser. Do it in incognito.
Go to your app and do everything
with a fresh Gmail address. Try support.
See how your support is. Try to contact
sales. Sign up for the newsletter. Do
everything. Try your product. If you do
this quietly, your heart, you're going
to cry about some of the things you've
seen. You're going to cry how bad your
support is. You're going to cry how long
it takes sales to get back to you.
You're going to cry about a couple
things. Pick the thing that makes you
cry the most over your mold wine and go
buy that agent and fix it. and and then
you will have the passion that we have
this I always counel people to do this
it just wasn't as actionable before
but so many f you just get lost you
forget about what these things you
forget about the onboarding workflow and
you forget about support and you forget
how bad contact me and you're so lost in
the strategic so you got it once a year
ideally once a quarter just do this
incognito mode test and even for lady's
newsletter I bet we can find some part
you forgot to touch
>> nope not gonna happen I'm Just I'm just
joking.
>> You like, "Oh my god, I can't believe I
I didn't touch that since I launched the
Substack. It doesn't even go to the
right that page just gets a 404.
>> I'm going to do this over the holidays."
And I love that this like usually the
advice would have been, okay, email your
product manager and tell them you found
all these bugs. What you're saying here
is no, find an agent to take care of
this in the future. Like make this a
much better experience for everyone
always.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And if it's the one that
makes you cry, it may motivate you to do
it.
>> Yeah. And you don't it's not like you
have to publish it to production. It's
not like you have to have your, you
know, CEO approve this thing. It's just
like show them what you might be able to
do. Here's what I did over the weekend.
Uh maybe we should explore doing this
thing with our site.
>> Yeah. The jaw is just my job.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man. Jason, I feel like I could chat
with you for hours, but uh I think it's
this is a good point to to wrap things
up. Is there anything that you wanted to
share or is there anything you want to
leave listeners with? One last thing
maybe that comes up that I've learned
that that are on people's minds and we
can break is a lot of folks are
concerned. Hey, this will impact
people's jobs. What do I do? Like, okay,
I want I I did what you said. I did the
incognito mode. I'm going to bring in
this this agent, this sales agent or
this support agent. I've tried I've even
did but but I'm worried I'm going to get
pushed back and people are going to lose
their jobs. Um I don't h I I don't have
the perfect answer to this one, but I
think be honest about it. be be honest
that for the best people it will make
them more productive. For the best
people it it it will be even fun. For
the best people they will be better at
their job. And if it is a threat to some
of the folks on the team, the future's
coming anyway. We might as well embrace
it. So it's just when I hear I I I
wouldn't I would be positive about it. I
would explain it helps the best people.
Um but I I don't think dancing around it
is the right answer in your
organization. it it will result in
change and if it if some jobs change
from one world to the other that that's
life in the age of AI don't don't hide
it I don't think it helps
>> I love that in your case and in uh
Jean's case at Verscell it's not like
you let anyone go in your case the SDRs
quit uh and in her case she moved them
from I believe from inbound to outbound
or outbound to inbound she just kind of
reshuffled them to do to have higher
impact somewhere else
>> I think that's an important a really
important point this is another thing
that I think the media creates too much
drama on I don't think AI is not I mean
AI has led to some layoffs. Um but even
though most of the ones we read it's
just a justification to do layoffs. It's
just it's just a reason to blame it on
it. Um uh what's a much bigger issue is
that people just won't be backfilled
with humans. We will use AI to
backfield. That's what we did. Like we
didn't fire I've never fired anyone in
my whole career other than for
inappropriate conduct a few times,
right? That's that you fired today for
that stuff. But pretty much I've never
fired anyone that didn't do something
inappropriate. they just when they go
this time we just said now it's the
agents right and so that's a much bigger
force of nature than some random layoffs
which probably aren't really new to AI
right it's probably not because you
brought in 20 agents in 2025 it's
probably because you just want to
downsize anyway and this is the excuse
um so it's not it's not a it's probably
less of a threat to you than you think
AI um but it what it does mean is if
you're not don't want to embrace it
Lenny maybe don't leave your current job
>> yeah I was just
>> maybe don't leave your current top
>> because the new place might not be
hiring for this role.
>> Yeah, I have a God I have I have a a
sales exec who I love. I worked I'd
known for many years and he went from a
100k job then almost an 800k job then
down to a 200k job then left that one
because he didn't like it and now he
can't get a job at all. He's back in
school. So maybe stay.
>> We all maybe stay.
>> No shame in staying is there?
>> Yeah, I like that. Well, with that,
Jason, we have reached our very exciting
lightning round. This is your second
time going through a lightning round, so
I'll make it uh I'll make it quick.
First question, what are a couple books
you often find yourself recommending to
other people?
>> I was recently asked to write a forward
for a book from one one of the revenue
leaders I have the most respect for in
the world. I read a little bit of it. I
couldn't do it because as good as it
was, it was dated. It wasn't current
enough in AI. And there's just I don't
know if we said it this it might have
been before we started the pod. The
plays all work, but the playbooks don't
really work as well. So, so many of
these GTM books are playbooks,
especially folks selling courses and
stuff, but they're playbooks.
Run from the playbooks. Embrace the
plays. And so, read all these go to
market and sales books and take take
great items from them, which was always
the goal from a book, right? Pick three
two or three things out of it. But uh
I'm I I think I'm winging for the next
level of books in GTM in 2026 because
everything I've read it's it's just too
backwards looking. So just be a skeptic.
Grab the plays but don't adopt the
playbook.
>> I just had the head of a growth from
lovable Elena Ver on the podcast. She
had the same advice that all these
playbooks that she's used over the last
20 years in growth just don't work
anymore at AI companies.
>> Uh next question. Do you have a favorite
recent movie or TV show that you have
really enjoyed?
>> What's this one called? What's it
called? Plurabus. Is that what it's
called?
>> Plurabus. Yeah.
>> Watching that.
>> It's And and this is so it's a good
show.
This is what I realized is why you
should be excited about AI and GTM is
Pluribus because Plur in Pluribus
there's like a hive mind, right? We're
all connect all the people except 11
people or 13 people. They're all
connected.
People don't get this. This is why a
right now the whole point when we're
doing this, maybe maybe we'll do a third
one if I'm lucky. The whole point is
just get your AI agents to be almost as
good as humans, but working 24/7 and at
scale, that's pretty damn good. If it
can do 10 or 100 times more work 24/7,
as pretty good as your human, that's a
resource you don't even have today. It's
not that complicated. When AI really is
the hive mind, when it can share all of
the data across all of your agents and
knows everything that happens, then
humans are at risk in GTM.
They're going to be so much better when
they're the hive mind. right now our
hive uh and and there's a bit of a
renaissance for Salesforce as a CRM.
There's a bunch of reasons even though
it's old right it's founded in the 90s
it has become the hub for these AI GTM
agents they all plug in so Salesforce
has become the database for all these so
so that's a little hint of the plurabus
hive mine but when all these agents can
talk with each other for real and share
all their GTM data and all the customer
data and everything on the one next time
we do it the 3.8 8 million people that
read Lenny's and all the agents can
share data together. No human that
that's I don't mean to turn turn
plurabus into an AIGTM show. But uh
there's my connection. But but it it's
pretty good, right?
>> I get it. I get it. Oh man, that show's
so good. I feel like every episode I get
these pushes from Apple TV like there's
a new episode of Player Bus. I'm like I
can't wait to go watch that. They just
leave the each episode ends and like oh
I can't wait to see what happens next.
Okay. Is there a favorite product you've
recently discovered that you really love
like an app or a gadget or clothing?
>> Maybe not the last two weeks. I'll just
give a small one just just for GTM1.
There is because everyone's about Sora
this and all of this and video and I
love it. Um I get it. But there is an
app called Reeve. It used to be Reevar.
It's for imaging and it is the folks
that build it built their own image LLM
on their own. And the reason I bring
this up, I use it every single day. is
because it can do a lot of cool things
with a prompt, right? But if you want to
do cool stuff for marketing, if you want
to create a great image, I have a CMMO
buying my product doing this, I don't
know a tool that is better for that kind
of stuff. That stuff that we used to
torture, we used to fire up Canva and
try to create things or even worse, wait
four days for someone to do it for you.
I just you this is one of my cheat
sheets. I have a couple tool to tools
that I use that people don't get, but um
now it's app.rei Revi, it changed its
name, but it's just a simple prompt. Go
to it, type in whatever image you want
to make. And for a lot of the boring B2B
stuff we like to do, uh, I find it's the
best.
>> And it's reve.com.
>> Yeah. Rev.
>> I'm looking at it right now. Copy bar
delivering matcha through a quite moss
garden.
>> app.ve.com.
>> Yeah. Sweet.
>> Oh, you're Oh, you're making the image.
You said
>> I'm just like they're giving me examples
here. Well, I'm on the website here.
Yeah, this is great. And you're saying
this is better than like Nano Banana and
all these other
>> for this use case.
>> And you and I, we just want to do I want
to do a thumbnail. I want an image for
my article. I want I just did I just my
niche thing content I just want to do.
I've got to do it. I just don't think
there's anything better for for this use
case. So
>> I use it two or three times a day and I
use all this stuff.
>> Okay. The alpha more alpha uh to to
share with the audience. Okay. Two more
questions. Do you have a favorite life
motto that you've often find yourself
coming back to in work or in life that
you often maybe even share with other
people?
>> I'll just tell you one in the weird time
we're at. Um, this is probably your best
startup.
>> Just talking yesterday with a friend of
mine, a startup just raised 20 million
from a top two or three VC founder just
quit the next day. just on the call the
other day
yesterday, CEO of a company at 250
million just just just quit. Uh no
success or know anyone to join a a hot
AI startup. M maybe maybe
most of the time there are there are
times and places to just quit when you
have customers when you have a million
or two million or five or 10 million in
revenue but we we often think it's
easier to get back to get back to that
10 million of revenue to get back to 100
happy customers or 200. It might seem
easier to quit in the age of AI, but I'd
rather take those 500 happy customers,
build that badass AI product, and sell
it to 500 happy customers and go off to
find them from scratch. Go have to find
that 10 or 20 million. So, that's I I
literally had a third conversation with
a founder just crossing 100 million that
wanted to leave and do a robotic startup
after 10 years. I'm like, I get it, man,
but like this is, you know, you have
nine figures of equity in this company.
Maybe go to the next level. So there's
so much going on. They're decelerating,
accelerating. I just usually think the
best startup as f for founders, not not
necessarily for everybody else, is the
one you're already working at. And if
you're not happy, turn that into your
hot AI startup. It's not. Here's the
thing. It's not too late, Lenny.
Sometimes it feels like it's too late on
social media. Maybe it's too late to
build the next chat GBT on the cheap.
Okay? But for most stuff, it's it's it's
not too late. It's so it's still so
early. We don't even have great AI
marketing tools. We're really early on
these AIS SDRs. The markets have not
hardened. Um, the LLMs are getting so
much better. It is, dude, if you want
it, it's not too late. So, the best
startup you're ever going to have
probably is the one you're working at
today. Don't quit. Don't quit if you
have happy customers. Maybe that's how
don't quit if you have happy customers.
They'll buy more from you.
>> I love advice like that. That's uh
empowering and optimistic and and uh
destresses people, I think, in a lot of
ways. So, uh, that is great. Uh, final
question. How many, so how many sasters
have you done at this point? Like how
many years of saster have there been?
>> Good god. Uh, we've done the first big,
we did some meetups, you know that,
right? And then we did the first bigger
one in 2015. So 2016,
uh, we did we did take a break in 2020,
but we did in 2021. We're the only event
in the Bay Area in 2021. Um, so is that
12 of them? 12 years. It's a long time,
man.
>> And then how many talks have there been
across those? would you say total?
>> And and then we've done seven in Europe.
So 12 in 12 in the US and seven in
Europe.
>> Yes. So about 20. Okay. 20 events.
>> 20 bigger events. Yeah.
>> Uh I don't know like the annual one
probably if you count the smaller ones
300.
>> So thousand
4,000 over the years.
>> So then here's the question. Is there a
talk that you think is the one you like
what's your favorite talk across all
those events? Is there one you're like,
"Oh, this one really stood out. This is
one I always share with people. One that
you think people might you'd want people
to check out if they were to check out
one talk across all seaster.
>> It it's interesting. It's like a lot of
things in B2B. Everything was pretty
much the same for 10 years and then all
of a sudden everything's out of date.
Right. If you wanted to watch an older
one, not that old, but old in internet
AI time that I think will change the way
you think, watch the one I did with Ben
Chestnut
um right after they got acquired because
that's a magical time. It's called
Everything That Breaks on the Way to One
Billion. It's only got 23,000 views.
That's nothing for Lenny, but for me,
that's pretty good. Okay. And it's a
moment in time right after he sold a
billion dollar company where he talks
about how the deal almost fell apart,
where he challenges almost every B2B
metric we know, how what you know,
running a profitable business at that
scale, not really caring about CLTV and
CAC or any of these things, what really
matters for customers. Is Mailchimp as
cutting edge as it was today? Right?
Maybe not. But that's one when I look at
it cuz everything everything's kind of
the same. We don't we don't really get
challenged in the way we think.
Everyone's talking their book, right?
You're so good at getting people to not
talk their book. Um but but that one I
think is a great one. And then if people
wanted to watch a GTM one, just some
favorite ones. We did this one. It's a
recent one. Matt Pl because these guys
were on my team. Matt Planku of Rippling
did one with Sam Blonde who was NCR of
Brex. It's called Rippling Secrets to
Hyperrowth. It sounds like a commercial
for Rippling, which is okay, right? But
because Sam was they worked together and
now Sam's on the board and all like they
have a fluency of two CRO who are honest
and have a learner a Lenny style
learners mindset. This one on the the
revenue playbook from Ripling. It's it's
a it's a 14 for for GTM.
>> I just uh had Matt McInness on the
podcast. Former COO, now CPO Y at
Ripling. Uh so that would be a good
combo of those two. Uh Jason, I don't
know if you know this, but you're you're
the perfect podcast guest because you
have such deep uh experience in the
space that you just have answers to
everything I ask. Plus, you're now just
living in this future that we're all
heading towards and you're like hands-on
telling us here's how the future will be
and here's how it works and here's how
you can get there and here's what you
shouldn't do and here's what we'll
bring. So, I'm just so thankful that
you're here sharing all this advice with
us. So, I'm excited for many more
podcast conversations. So, uh, so thanks
for doing this.
>> All right, Lenny, you're the best. I'm
I'm I'm just a super fan. I'm lucky to
be here. So, thank you.
>> Uh, let me just ask you, how can
listeners be useful to you? As a closing
question,
>> the fun thing for me, we have we we have
two websites, saster.com and SASI. Just
go to saster.ai, and just play with the
tools we built. Play with the valuation
calculator we talked about. Play with
the AIVC, play with any of our tools,
and and just have fun and share share
any feedback. Um because I've waited 10
years to build tools for the Saster
community. Now I want to build like 20.
So on a side, we've talked about tools
you should go buy, but building your own
stuff is pretty fun, too. So try our
tools and give me kind but critical
feedback, but but with some kindness.
>> Okay. And it's s a str.ai.
>> Yeah, we're I'm still trying to figure
out the AI versus the comm. We got a SEO
issue, so I can't really move it over,
but uh
>> it looks great. It works. It works. It's
shorter, too. It is shorter.
>> Jason, thank you so much for being here.
>> All right, Lenny, you're the best.
>> Bye, everyone.
>> Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.